has made known to the pure world
namely the construction of around the buses
the development went from fair to the bus 60 years ago to the big ones
modern traffic around the buses they drive here in the streets of Dortmund
see
there are the large boxes of gate steered trains which hold 170 people and themselves
by their original articulated design despite their size
insert well into the densest traffic
Passengers love these modern-steered trains
And this is also the reason why, for example, the city of Dortmund over
50 of these trains in city traffic in operation has left early in the morning
Trains the factories
Hundreds of thousands of people quickly and conveniently by e-mail to their jobs
bring
please note the dazzling and while the joints move trains
DAPD
although driving backwards is no art
exactly to the centimeter, the bus driver sets the post